SNOW-3665226: prevent fully-qualified DDL from polluting schema/database cache (#2909)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

  - Fixed S3 storage client to correctly handle 307/308 (method-preserving) and 301/302 (GET/HEAD only) redirects by disabling automatic redirect following and re-signing each request with AWS SigV4 credentials for the redirect target. The region is updated from the `x-amz-bucket-region` response header on each redirect. Redirects are capped at 5 hops.
  - Added native AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service) workload identity support. When running on AKS with workload identity configured, the connector automatically uses `WorkloadIdentityCredential` to authenticate via the injected service account credentials. OIDC backward compatibility is also supported.
  - Added the `workload_identity_aws_use_outbound_token` connection option (default `false`) to opt into AWS WIF JWT attestation via STS `GetWebIdentityToken` instead of the default SigV4 `GetCallerIdentity` method.

>   - Fixed a bug where executing a fully-qualified DDL statement (e.g. `CREATE VIEW db.schema.obj`) on a session with no current schema would silently populate the connector's cached `_schema`/`_database`, causing `get_current_schema()` to diverge from the server's `CURRENT_SCHEMA()` and Snowpark temp-object qualification to target the wrong schema (SNOW-3665226).

Reviewer: Nit (simplicity): one 60-word sentence — splitting cause from effect reads easier:

```suggestion
  - Fixed a bug where a fully-qualified DDL statement (e.g. `CREATE VIEW db.schema.obj`) on a session with no current schema would populate the connector's cached `_schema`/`_database` from the referenced object's namespace. This made `get_current_schema()` diverge from the server's `CURRENT_SCHEMA()` and mis-qualified Snowpark temp objects (SNOW-3665226).
```
